Docs > Add a note on the profiling panel doc (#1899)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/panels.rst

This panel is included but inactive by default. You can activate it by default
with the ``DISABLE_PANELS`` configuration option.

> For version of python 3.12 and after you need to add --nothreading
> to the runserver. Concurrent requests don't work with the profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version of Python 3.12 and later you need to use
``python -m manage runserver --nothreading``
Concurrent requests don't work with the profiling panel.
```
